1) All data related to temporary activities is stored in a Google Sheet with "Registered Offices" in the title. Before you change anything in the Google Sheet, save a new version with today's date in the title (e.g. "Registered Offices 2017-04-23").  Work in the new spreadsheet to add any new data.  This is so that there are older versions of the data available in case things accidentally get erased (which happens). When you are using Google Maps to find the latitude and longitude of an address (right-click on the red pin and click on "what's here?" to have the lat/long display in a box at bottom), remember that you need to reverse the lat/long into long/lat in the spreadsheet.
2) Using the template found in the "geojson template" file, copy and paste your new data into the geojson format, making as many copies of the template as needed to accommodate all your new data points (you may wish to do this in a dedicated html editor such as Atom).  Be sure not to delete or write over any quotation marks or commas.  If your new data point does not have some types of metadata (for example, a Chinese website), DELETE THAT ENTIRE LINE FROM THE TEMPLATE AND ERASE THE FINAL COMMA FROM THE PRECEDING LINE.
3) One by one, cut and paste each formatted data point into the appropriate place in index_maptest.html.  You will need to find the correct place to insert each one, based alphabetically on the title of the organization.  Be very careful to keep each data point whole (don't delete any of the curly brackets or commas).  Make sure only to insert them inbetween other whole data points, leaving their brackets and commas intact as well.
4) In a separate browser tab or window, go to https://jessicachinafile.github.io/index_maptest.html# and make sure the map loads (if it does not, you probably deleted or overwrote a comma, bracket, or something similar, and you'll need to find and fix it).  If it does load, click through your new data and make sure everything appears as you want it to.
5) Once the map is correctly updated, copy ALL the code from index_maptest.html and paste it into index.html, overwriting all of the old code.  Then go to https://jessicachinafile.github.io/ to double-check it works and has all the new data in it.
6) Go into the CMS (node # TK) and change the "last updated" date to today's date.
